docs; explain namespaces for metrics and evaluations (#1641)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/content/en/docs/yaml-crd-ref/evaluationdefinition.md

## Usage

A `KeptnEvaluationDefinition` references one or more
[KeptnMetric](metric.md) resources.
When multiple `KeptnMetric`s are used,
the Keptn Lifecycle Toolkit considers the evaluation successful
if **all** metrics meet their `evaluationTarget`.

The `KeptnMetric` resource and associated
[KeptnMetricsProvider](metricsprovider.md)
resource must be located in the same namespace
but the `KeptnEvaluationDefinition` resources

> can reference metrics from any namespace in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can reference `KeptnMetric` resource from any namespace in the cluster.
```

This means that you can create `KeptnMetricsProvider`
and `KeptnMetric` resources

> in a cluster-wide `keptn-lifecycle-toolkit` namespace

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in a cluster-wide namespace (e.g. in `keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-system`)
```

> in a cluster-wide namespace (e.g. in `keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-system`)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
in a central namespace (e.g. in `keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-system`)
```
"cluster-wide" could be misleading here. there are actual cluster-wide resources that don't belong to a namespace, so I wouldn't use that term here, since it has a commonly accepted meaning that is different from what we are trying to say here

Author: Interesting.  I modified the comment to use "centralized" rather than "central" -- it's better English and I hope is doesn't screw up the technical accuracy.
